_guides/citizens-at-the-centre/how-do-we-put-citizens-at-the-centre.md, before:

---
title: How Do We Put Citizens @ the Centre?
guide: Citizens @ the Centre
---

We make services simple and personalized, even anticipating citizen needs so that helpful suggestions can be made at the right time. When a citizen enters into a process, they clearly understand their status with the agency. Their needs and insights are continuously gleaned to ensure continuous improvement, so that services are flexible enough to adapt to their changing needs. We offer services over the channels they prefer. We even co-develop some of our services with citizens, partners, businesses and entrepreneurs.

It's clear that while the 2010 principles of citizen participation, self-service and business innovation, established in the original version of C@C, endure, they also continue to evolve. Today, when contemplating our work and the way we deliver services, we consider the following refreshed principles:

| Simplify  | "I want to find what I need when I need it, and make the process easy to follow" | Citizen service, experience that is predictable, consistent and intuitve. |
| Modernize  | "I want government services to be similar to what I get from other organizations"  | Digital services that citizens expect.  |
| Streamline  | "I want government to function efficently and that's demonstrated in the quality of its services"  | Efficient processes that underpin our services.  |

Commit message:

remove C@C references
title change, last edit

_guides/citizens-at-the-centre/how-do-we-put-citizens-at-the-centre.md, after:

---
title: How Does it Work?
guide: All About Digital
last-edit: March, 2018
---

We make services simple and personalized, even anticipating citizen needs so that helpful suggestions can be made at the right time. When a citizen enters into a process, they clearly understand their status with the agency. Their needs and insights are continuously gleaned to ensure continuous improvement, so that services are flexible enough to adapt to their changing needs. We offer services over the channels they prefer. We even co-develop some of our services with citizens, partners, businesses and entrepreneurs.

It's clear that while the 2010 principles of citizen participation, self-service and business innovation, established in the original strategies, endure, they also continue to evolve. Today, when contemplating our work and the way we deliver services, we consider the following refreshed principles:

| Simplify  | "I want to find what I need when I need it, and make the process easy to follow" | Citizen service, experience that is predictable, consistent and intuitve. |
| Modernize  | "I want government services to be similar to what I get from other organizations"  | Digital services that citizens expect.  |
| Streamline  | "I want government to function efficently and that's demonstrated in the quality of its services"  | Efficient processes that underpin our services.  |
