_guides/citizens-at-the-centre/why-refresh-now.md, before:

---
title: Why Refresh Now?
guide: Citizens @ the Centre
---

Citizens @ the Centre was first published in 2010. Since then considerable government data has been made open through DataBC, Government’s front door “Gov2.0” made government easier to navigate, citizen engagement on important issues was increased, over 16 call centres were consolidated and improved, and more than 3-million BC Service Cards were put in the hands of British Columbians.

At the writing of the 2010 document, the iPad didn't exist and app stores were only in their infancy. Today, with 94% of British Columbians connected with high-speed internet, their daily interactions have become digital. Just like the interactions British Columbians experience with their banks, retailers and communities, they have the same high expectations for services they receive from government. In response, we refresh Citizens @ the Centre, to **modernize** and **simplify** digital channels available for people who use them, and to **streamline** non-digital channels and reserve them for those who need them.

Commit message:

remove citizens at the centre references.
also changed guide to All About Digital, title from Why Refresh now? and added last-edit front matter.

_guides/citizens-at-the-centre/why-refresh-now.md, after:

---
title: Continuous Refresh
guide: All About Digital
last-edit: March, 2018
---

In 2010, BC Government strategy was implemented to recognize the culture of digital, and how citizens' expectations of government services were changing. Since then considerable government data has been made open through DataBC, Government’s front door on the internet made government easier to navigate, citizen engagement on important issues was increased, over 16 call centres were consolidated and improved, and more than 4-million BC Service Cards were put in the hands of British Columbians.

At the writing of the 2010 strategy, the iPad didn't exist and app stores were only in their infancy. Today, with over 94% of British Columbians connected with high-speed internet, their daily interactions have become digital. Just like the interactions British Columbians experience with their banks, retailers and communities, they have the same high expectations for services they receive from government. In response, we must regularly refresh our approach to "digital," to **modernize** and **simplify** digital channels available for people who use them, and to **streamline** non-digital channels and reserve them for those who need them.
