_in-practice-examples/cloudbc.md, before:

---
title: Cloud BC
example-of: Leverage flexible deployment
---

Cloud computing offers many benefits including: business agility, better time to market, fewer operational issues and less capital expense. Organizations at all levels share common challenges when it comes to getting their services to the cloud. Recognizing this, the BC Council of CIOs (CCIO) - including representatives from the BC Government and Broader Public Sector - developed and launched CloudBC. The intent is to help drive the successful adoption of cloud-based computing services in the BC public sector.

### Impact

While still in early days, CloudBC is aiming to tackle the shared problems described above by establishing a common marketplace for cloud services, sharing knowledge about how to benefit from the cloud, and support cross-jurisdictional collaboration in Canada. The marketplace will standardize approaches to procurement, security, privacy and support education and training to make it simpler for the BC public sector to move into the cloud.

### Partners

* BC Developers' Exchange, OCIO, Microsoft, HPAS

Commit message:

Update content from SGordon
Content provided by Stephen Gordon March 13

_in-practice-examples/cloudbc.md, after:

---
title: CloudBC
example-of: Leverage flexible deployment
last-edit: March, 2018
---

Cloud computing offers many benefits including: business agility, better time to market, greater operational automation and is the underlying technology platform that enables Digital services. Organizations at all levels share common challenges when it comes to getting their services to the cloud. Recognizing this, the B.C. Council of CIOs (CCIO), which includes representatives from the B.C. Government and Broader Public Sector, created and launched CloudBC. The intent of the initiative is to help drive the successful adoption of cloud-based computing services in the B.C. public sector.

### Impact
While still in early days of emerging demand, CloudBC is tackling the challenges of cloud adoption. Participating members are sharing knowledge about how to benefit from cloud and are leveraging cross-jurisdictional collaboration in Canada. Already CloudBC has led to a better understanding of approaches to procurement and contracting for cloud platforms and has succeeded in increasing awareness and promoting the standardisation of important compliance aspects related to security and privacy. Education sessions have been well attended and have helped public sector employees across British Columbia connect with each other and with experts from industry, standards organizations, and representing global cloud platforms. 


As CloudBC transitions from implementation to government operations, the CloudBC Knowledge Centre will become more widely available and will provide a repository for member organizations to connect with each other and access and share information - all with the goal of making it simpler for the B.C. public sector to move to the cloud.


### Partners

* BC Developers' Exchange, OCIO
