_in-practice-examples/eao.md, before:

---
title: EAO Systems Modernization
---

Seeking better ways to meet legislative requirements, keep the public informed and engaged, and meet their business needs, in 2015 the Environmental Assessment (EAO) had already invested years in the production of business requirements for new enabling software. However, traditional software development methods suggested solution delivery in a further two years. In order to compress those timelines, the EAO Systems Modernization (ESM) project shifted to an an agile approach. Using this approach, designing their solution with user needs at its centre, building with a small, multifunctional team in a devops environment, the ESM team has delivered a beta, field-tested product in a matter of months. This way of working allowed the ESM team to deliver a product into the hands of a real world assessment, incorporating feedback and lessons learned from this early deployment into the subsequent build out of the soon-to-be-released production platform.

### Impact

The ESM platform has yet to go live in production, but beta testing on an exemplar environmental assessment has generated significantly greater public input, positive engagement with media, and a positive response from proponents. The agile devops approach to the build allowed the platform to be developed in a fraction of the time and budget when compared to a similar government project using standard government approaches to design, build and deployment.

### Partners

* CSNR IMB
* BC Developers' Exchange

### Resources Used

* Service Design Playbook
* Agile Guide
* DevOps Pathfinder

### Code

<https://github.com/bcgov/esm-server>

Commit message:

Add 'example of' links to examples

_in-practice-examples/eao.md, after:

---
title: EAO Systems Modernization
example-of: Use modern approaches to building your solution
---

Seeking better ways to meet legislative requirements, keep the public informed and engaged, and meet their business needs, in 2015 the Environmental Assessment (EAO) had already invested years in the production of business requirements for new enabling software. However, traditional software development methods suggested solution delivery in a further two years. In order to compress those timelines, the EAO Systems Modernization (ESM) project shifted to an an agile approach. Using this approach, designing their solution with user needs at its centre, building with a small, multifunctional team in a devops environment, the ESM team has delivered a beta, field-tested product in a matter of months. This way of working allowed the ESM team to deliver a product into the hands of a real world assessment, incorporating feedback and lessons learned from this early deployment into the subsequent build out of the soon-to-be-released production platform.

### Impact

The ESM platform has yet to go live in production, but beta testing on an exemplar environmental assessment has generated significantly greater public input, positive engagement with media, and a positive response from proponents. The agile devops approach to the build allowed the platform to be developed in a fraction of the time and budget when compared to a similar government project using standard government approaches to design, build and deployment.

### Partners

* CSNR IMB
* BC Developers' Exchange

### Resources Used

* Service Design Playbook
* Agile Guide
* DevOps Pathfinder

### Code

<https://github.com/bcgov/esm-server>
